Add links to Matter and HomeKit integrations (#26744)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/thread.markdown

The Thread integration helps you track the different Thread networks in your home and helps you manage their credentials. It is currently a work in progress.

> ##### A networking standard and communication protocol - not a device control standard

Reviewer: Does the header order/level feel out of order? The page title is header 1; this is below it, but is header level 5?

> Thread is a low-power mesh networking standard which allows users to connect their devices within a home network. Thread allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for a central controller. This makes it ideal for home automation, where a large number of devices may need to be connected. Thread uses the same RF technology as Zigbee, but provides IP connectivity similar to Wi-Fi. Unlike Zigbee, Thread does not allow to control devices directly: It is just a communication protocol. A higher level protocol such as Matter or HomeKit is required to control Thread enabled devices. To see which home automation standard is supported by your device, check the icon on the packaging:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thread is a low-power mesh networking standard that allows users to connect their devices within a home network. Thread allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for a central controller. This makes it ideal for home automation, where a large number of devices may need to be connected. Thread uses the same RF technology as Zigbee but provides IP connectivity similar to Wi-Fi. Unlike Zigbee, Thread does not allow to control devices directly: It is just a communication protocol. A higher-level protocol, such as Matter or HomeKit, is required to control Thread-enabled devices. To see which home automation standard is supported by your device, check the icon on the packaging:
```

<table>
  <tr>
    <th style="width:20%">Logo</th>
    <th style="width:80%">Supported Home Automation standard</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> <img src="https://brands.home-assistant.io/_/matter/icon.png"  width="50"></td>
    <td><a href="/integrations/matter/">Matter</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="https://brands.home-assistant.io/_/homekit/icon.png"  width="50"></td>
    <td><a href="/integrations/homekit/">HomeKit</a></td>
  </tr>

> </table>

Reviewer: We should avoid the use of HTML in Markdown as much as possible.

Tables are available in Markdown.

Author: Unfortunately, I was not able to resize the columns using markdown. The method using the colon did not work for me in the preview. As a workaround, I shortened the title so that it fits into the 50% column.

> ##### Thread Border Routers connect the Thread network to Home Assistant

Reviewer: Same issue with the heading as pointed out above.

## TBRs connect Thread network to Home Assistant

To connect a Thread network to Home Assistant, Thread border routers (TBRs) are used. TBRs are devices that bridge the Thread network to a local Wi-Fi or Ethernet network. To add a TBR to Home Assistant, you can use our [Home Assistant Yellow](/yellow/) hub or the [Home Assistant SkyConnect](/skyconnect/) Zigbee/Thread stick.

Home Assistant communicates with TBRs over the local network. This means that TBRs do not have to be physically attached to Home Assistant to be used. You might already have a TBR as part of other products in your home, like a Google Nest Hub Gen 2 or Apple HomePod Mini. 

### Vendor specific Thread networks

> Each vendor forms their own network when you start using their products, so you can end up having a Home Assistant, an Apple, and a Google Thread network in your home. These are all separate networks using different credentials, which prevents devices to roam between TBRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each vendor forms their own network when you start using their products, so you can end up having a Home Assistant, an Apple, and a Google Thread network in your home. These are all separate networks using different credentials, which prevents devices from roaming between TBRs.
```
